{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f4\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Mangal;}{\f7\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15\b\ab Strong Emphasis;}
{\*\cs16\snext16\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb240\sa120\keepn\cf0\kerning1\hich\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af7\loch\f2\fs28\lang4105 Heading;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 Text body;}
{\s19\sbasedon18\snext19{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 List;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb120\sa120\cf0\i\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af3\ai\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 Caption;}
{\s21\sbasedon0\snext21{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\kerning1\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern3400}}\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720\deftab720

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\b\hich\af4\dbch\af4\afs16\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\loch\f4
Unable to load most up-to-date rules. The most up-to-date rules may be viewed at }{{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.pmuniverse.net/rules.php" }\b\hich\af4\dbch\af4\afs16\ab{\fldrslt \cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\lang255\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs16\loch\f4
http://www.pmuniverse.net/rules.php}}}
\par \pard\plain \s18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\hich\af4\dbch\af4\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20\loch\f4
}
\par \pard\plain \s18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\hich\af4\dbch\af4\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20\loch\f4
The purpose of these rules and manners is to improve the experience of Pokemon Mystery Universe. They apply to all of Pokemon Mystery Universe's services. Please read them carefully and abide to them when using any Pokemon Mystery Universe services or websites.}
\par \pard\plain \s18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\*\cs15\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
1. Basic Set of Rules and Manners in Game and Community }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line * Follow the rules when participating in the forums and while chatting\line * Do not say something is true if it has not yet been confirmed to be true.\line * Choose words carefully when chatting, so as not to offend others.\line * Refrain from violent language, dirty language, slander and any other language offensive to others.}
\par \pard\plain \s18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\*\cs15\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
2. Prohibited Public Nuisances in Game and Community Players must not disturb other players. Please read the following list of prohibited conduct and help make the playing experience fun for everyone!}{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line \line * Performing obscene or abusive speech, expressions depictions or actions.\line * No cheating or hacking. This includes using illegal tools such as hackers and trainers, or hacking the game to give you an advantage.\line * Conversations relating to roms, emulators or any form piracy are forbidden.\line * If you don't have anything to say relating to the original post of a topic, don't post.\line * Using speech or actions that are offensive to other races, religion, nationality, etc.\line * Don't break any rules or laws while chatting or posting.\line * Don't lie or purposefully mislead others.\line * Don't say things that will enrage or offend other players, or otherwise cause disorder, simply, don't troll.\line * Performing speech unintelligible to many users, such as lists of words whose meaning are unclear.\line * Do not use complex words, or words that do not have a clear meaning.\line * Do not advertise other MMOs, online games, products, etc, and speaking of political or religion-related subjects.\line * Do not tell anyone information about you, such as age, location, etc.\line * Do not ask someone for their personal information.\line * Do not threaten, insult, or otherwise make fun of other players.\line * Do not claim yourself as a game master, or staff member of Pokemon Mystery Universe.\line * Do not hinder other player's ability to play the game or use the chats or forum.\line * Do not abuse bugs and glitches to hurt other people in-game, gain unfair advantages, or lag, crash, or otherwise interfere with the game server.\line * Do not do anything that the staff feels is inappropriate.}
\par \pard\plain \s18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\*\cs15\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
3. Further Prohibited Actions in Playing Pokemon Mystery Universe PUBLIC NUISANCE SUCH AS: }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line * Anything to hinder other player's gameplay on purpose and constantly.\line * Continuously trying to tell other people what to do, or "cyberbullying." }
\par \pard\plain \s18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\*\cs15\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
4. IMPROPER ACT SUCH AS: }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line * Hacking the game.\line * Using programs that affect the gameplay of other users or the server itself.\line * Taking advantage of the game's bugs.}
\par \pard\plain \s18{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af3\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\*\cs15\b\ab\rtlch \ltrch\loch
5. PROHIBITED ACTIONS AGAINST Staff Members }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\line * Personal messaging or contacting staff members more than needed .\line * Preventing an in-game event from proceeding or users from accessing the event.\line * Constantly asking for feedback or requests.}
\par \pard\plain \s0{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\nowidctlpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe4105\dbch\af3\afs24\lang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang4105{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par }